# Tanstack App

This project is a template for building applications using the Tanstack framework. It includes a variety of tools and configurations to help you get started quickly.

## Features

- **React**: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **TypeScript**: A strongly typed programming language that builds on JavaScript.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.
- **Tanstack Start/Router**: A powerful routing library for React applications.
- **React Query**: Data-fetching and state management for React.
- **React hook form**: Form state management.
- **i18next**: Internationalization framework for React.
- **Vitest**: A Vite-native unit testing framework.
- **ESLint**: A tool for identifying and fixing problems in JavaScript code.
- **Prettier**: An opinionated code formatter.

## Prerequisites

- **Node.js**: Ensure you have Node.js installed. You can download it from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/).
- **pnpm**: This project uses `pnpm` as the package manager. You can install it globally using `npm`:

  ```sh
  npm install -g pnpm
  ```

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**:

   ```sh
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd <repository-directory>
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**:

   ```sh
   pnpm install
   ```

3. **Start the development server**:

   ```sh
   pnpm dev
   ```

## Scripts

- **`pnpm dev`**: Starts the development server.
- **`pnpm build`**: the project for production.
- **`pnpm start`**: Starts the production server.
- **`pnpm lint`**: Runs ESLint to check for linting errors.
- **`pnpm test`**: Runs the test suite using Vitest.
- **`pnpm coverage`**: Runs the test suite and generates a coverage report.
- **`pnpm format`**: Checks the code formatting using Prettier.
- **`pnpm format:write`**: Formats the code using Prettier.
- **`pnpm type-check`**: Runs TypeScript type checking.

## Project Structure

- **app**: Contains the main application code.
  - **`components/`**: Components grouped by features.
    - **`ui/`** Reusable UI components generated by chadcn.
  - **`routes/`**: Application routes.
  - **`styles/`**: Global styles and Tailwind CSS configuration.
  - **`utils/`**: Utility functions and helpers.
  - **`api/`**: API services and utilities.
- **`scripts/`**: Setup and utility scripts.
- **`public/`**: Static assets and public files.
